Feat: Vault Auth plugin (#1189)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/vault-auth/index.md

search_aliases:
  - vault-auth

related_resources:
  - text: Enable authentication with Vault in {{site.base_gateway}}
    url: /how-to/enable-vault-authentication/
---

Add authentication to a Gateway Service or Route with an access token and a secret token. 
Credential tokens are stored securely via [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/). 

Credential lifecycle can be managed through the [Admin API](/api/gateway/admin-ee/), or independently via Vault.

> ## Token TTL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Token time-to-live (TTL)
```

> When reading a token from Vault, {{site.base_gateway}} will search the KV value for the presence of a `ttl` field. When this field is present, Kong will respect the advisory value of the `ttl` field and store the value of the credential in cache for only as long as the `ttl` field defines. This allows tokens created directly in Vault, outside of the Admin API, to be periodically refreshed by {{site.base_gateway}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading a token from Vault, {{site.base_gateway}} will search the KV value for the presence of a `ttl` field. When this field is present, {{site.base_gateway}} will respect the advisory value of the `ttl` field and store the value of the credential in the cache for only as long as the `ttl` field defines. This allows {{site.base_gateway}} to periodically refresh tokens created directly in Vault, outside of the Admin API.
```

## External token pairs

> {{site.base_gateway}} can read access/secret token pairs that have been created directly in Vault, outside of the {{site.base_gateway}} Admin API. Vault KV secret values must contain the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} can read access/secret token pairs that were created directly in Vault, outside of the {{site.base_gateway}} Admin API. Vault KV secret values must contain the following fields:
```

```
{
  access_token: <string>
  secret_token: <string>
  created_at: <integer>
  updated_at: <integer>
  ttl: <integer> (optional)
  consumer: {
    id: <uuid>
  }
}
```

Additional fields within the secret are ignored. The key must be the `access_token` value; this is the identifier by which {{site.base_gateway}} queries the Vault API to fetch the credential data.

> See the Vault documentation for [version 1](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v1.html) or [version 2](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2) for further information on the KV secrets engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Vault documentation for [version 1](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v1.html) or [version 2](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2) for more information on the KV secrets engine.
```

> `vault-auth` token pairs can be created with the Vault HTTP API or the `vault write` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vault-auth` token pairs can be created with the [Vault HTTP API](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs) or the `vault write` command:
```
